1. Java :
        Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented,
        and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended 
        to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one 
        platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another.

2. PHP :
        PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used 
        as a general-purpose programming language.
        PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page:
        PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file to process data.

3. JavaScript :
        JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language.[5] It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, 
        whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate
        asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.[5] It is also being used in server-side 
        programming, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.

4. Objective-C :
        Objective-C is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language that adds Smalltalk-style messaging to the 
        C programming language. It is the main programming language used by Apple for the OS X and iOS operating systems 
        and their respective APIs, Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.

5. C :
        C is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time,and C compilers are available for the
        majority of available computer architectures and operating systems. C is an imperative (procedural) language. 
        It was designed to be compiled using a relatively straightforward compiler, to provide low-level access to memory,
        to provide language constructs that map efficiently to machine instructions, and to require minimal run-time support.
        C was therefore useful for many applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, such as in system 
        programming.

6.HTML :
        HTML or HyperText Markup Language is the main markup language for creating web pages and other information that can be
        displayed in a web browser.

7.CSS :
        Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the look and formatting of a document written
        in a markup language. 